Hello everyone, in general, I solve the problem
there was engine noise
understandable in general now I am changing the pump
and the tension roller timing belt and its recent and
replaced but he started something depressed
also with pomp here by the pastor
8 words to the song will be heard dangling
Hotit horror is simple engaged himself in this business
already a little regret
means that you need to change the pump here
remove damn it all
that means starting and therefore remove
belts
power steering alternator then
unscrew the crankshaft pulley here you are
crankshaft pulley
then unscrew the top pillow from
side engine so the front cushion
let them remove the anther on the engine
top 2 bolts removed upper then
there you will see a generator
this is now weakened to unscrew the mounting
I'll take it, you need to unscrew it
then there are two more anther bolts remove
dust after that at rand access congress
we unscrew dies screwed
tension spring here here with zero
remove the movie remove the district
and before the pound boot
on pump here are two pulleys gadget on the 10th
bolts on the beads that is 6 by 6 4 here
Keys to 10 hand hold the pulley and
unscrew uncomfortable there kapets key euro
I used it only
one crawl there do not know I will call
finish it altogether this and then later
just unscrew 4 4 screws on mp4
we take out the pump now need
part will highlight here if you can see
laying left laying so
strip and remove the ring too
and here, too, take me many kit
further i will put all the mean gonna miss
a little sealant just in case
pass the gasket already on the sealant and the wall
all reverse sequence in
I will turn back thanks for your attention
good luck